it's upgrade time we got a beautiful
snow day here in Ohio just got back
inside from snow blowing we already got
like five inches but they projected up
to 16 coming our way on about the rest
of you but snow blowing is definite my
favorite pastime in the winter so today
we're gonna take out this old 4 gauge
which is probably closer like 6 days or
something like that and we're putting in
this it's still 4 gauge but I got it for
free and I was texting me and it's not
the prettiest wire it's kind of old and
stuff but it's Street wires so I know
it's uh it's gonna be true to gauge and
stuff like that so we also got some new
ring so look and put on there and a new
fuse holder because right now my fuse
holder is underneath the dash and that's
one of the reasons I want to switch out
the wire because it's such a pain in the
butt to actually get to that so what
we're gonna do now just put the new fuse
holder right there
I run the wire back like that in out
this side and then through the firewall
will pop up all the dorsals to the way
back and right through the distribution
block I also found this super old tripod
hope dance um a shot
I found a super old tripod is probably
from my grandpa but that'll work good
toy one of any more shaky shots going on
around here so I'll set up the tripod
and we'll get working here so I just
pulled out the first part of the wire
and that's a little demonstration you
guys can see it very well but the one on
the right is the old wire and one left
is one I'm putting in and you guys can't
see it really well but it's a lot bigger
and here's another demonstration I've
got just your standard ring terminal if
you put it on the old wire there's a
there's a lot of room in there they have
to fill up with solder and whatnot on
this new wire it's tough to fit on and
it fills up everything there's no gaps
no nothing so we know there's a lot more
wire in this one and I'll go get a lot
better conductivity so now I'll start
popping up the door sills and I have to
take the box out to to give the power
wire run to the back time to take out
the box
Oh
kind of looked at when I built this
thing I never actually measured how wide
the door was so it's kind of lucky to
make it in there let me get you guys off
the scene real quick I'll show you how
it's mounted I guess one point out one
here there's one on the other side
that's five on top of the bolts sending
you bolt it down
all right so now I got the outer casing
of the fuse holder under this cover
small pilot back on
we go over it there I'll grab the water
I'm gonna try an eyeball how much water
we need you're wrong
come here and loop around to the
positive battery terminal
Torchic jumping away
okay cut it here just be safe I was like
doing that still Rama
all right
and now the button note that i'll solder
terminal on the end of this so i can
text to the battery and then i've
already got a hole drilled in my
firewall obviously from the previous
water so I'll take the rest this wire
and we'll start running for the back
all right today is a new day I ran out
of time yesterday on the project so
we're starting back again today there's
a truck in the garage and see we can do
still snowed
does anyone else do this I have two
really tiny dogs and they can't make it
through the backyard so we use our snow
blower and we make pass through the
backyard some to go to the bathroom it's
ridiculous
I wanted a big dog but now let's get set
up and do some work all right we're
almost done here guys got the negative
disconnect on the battery and got the
new jumper attached what are you gonna
go to the fuse block and then this which
runs all the way bits to the back of the
car and remember don't put in your fuses
yet that's the last thing you do so the
next thing is gonna come back here and
then you start replacing at the old
ground for the amp and I'll throw in the
new one here and then put the Box in put
the fuse in and this project to be done
so I'm gonna get all that done I'll get
back with you guys all right we finally
got this all buttoned up got hooked up
to the battery your fuse block in let's
shut this up box was dropped in the back
and behind it got all the new wires run
so let's just throw the song real fast
just because we can
not much upgrading the way I didn't
didn't make it louder at all but it gave
me a new huge block in the hood or under
the hood instead of underneath my dash
which was a real pain in the butt I was
one of the first things I installed and
I did that kind of stupidly we could say
but hopefully within the next couple of
weeks
I'm thinking about getting some custom
fiberglass speaker pods built for those
right now there's a little piece that
goes on top of this so these should be
covered but that's out right now a lot
of thing about doing is building some
pods they'll come and face right at you
and those will sit on top of it so you
get some these three and a half kickers
will be pointing right in your face that
should be pretty cool but now besides
that all they have anything else going
on so I'll call it AC you guys